# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?  
In `console.rb` with `Property.new`


Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
With the `properties` table in `properties.sql`


Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?
Property.delete_all()
property1.save()
property2.save()
property3.save()
property1.delete()

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
The id is generated by the database.


Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
In the `save` method in `properties.rb`. We call `db.exec_prepared()` and return the value of "id" converted to an integer, then assign it to the instance variable @id.


Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor? 
In case the id hasn't been created yet.


Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
Instance methods allow us to perform actions on specific objects/table rows, but class methods allow us to perform actions on all instances of the class/all rows of the table.


Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
It returns a hash within an array. [0] returns the hash and ["id"] keyword returns the id value. We use the to_i method to convert it to an integer. 


Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
To prevent an attack on the database.


## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
`find_by_id` takes the property id (the value of the id key) as an argument.
`find_by_address` takes the property address (the value of the address key) as an argument.

Q11. What are their return values?
`find_by_id` returns the property with the id passed in the argument as a hash.
`find_by_address` returns the property with the address passed in the argument as a hash.
